staff(1030)$ ./advance-submit.sh 

Let us determine if your job qualifies for BOINC@TACC or not.
What is anticipated job runtime in minutes? 1
What is the expected job turnaround time in minutes? The average job turnaround time on BOINC@TACC has been around 10 hours recently.1000
How many cores are needed? Jobs with 5 or more cores will be run on TACC systems.1
How much memory is required for this job (in MB)? Jobs with 2049 or more MB usage will be run on TACC systems.1
Based upon your responses, your job qualifies to run on boinc clients
Do you want to proceed to run the job on BOINC server [y/n] ? y
Your job is qualified to run on BOINC@TACC. Since BOINC@TACC relies on volunteered computing resources, we cannot guarantee your job turnaround time of 1000.

Your job has been selected for BOINC. Since BOINC is built using volunteer resources, we cannot guarantee your job turnaroundtime time of 1000 min

Welcome to Boinc job submission

NOTE: NO MPI jobs distributed accross more than one volunteer, No jobs with external downloads while the job is running (no curl, wget, rsync, ..).
Enter the email id to which the results should be sent: rauta@tacc.utexas.edu

User email already in database
BOINC connection established
The allowed options are below:
   1  Submitting a BOINC job from TACC supported docker images using local files in this machine
   2  Submitting a file with a list of commands from an existing dockerhub image (no extra files on this machine)
   3  Submitting a BOINC job from a set of commands (source code, input local files) (MIDAS)
Enter your selected option: 3

MIDAS job submission
WARNING MIDAS is designed for prototyping only, not for continuous job submission
For large scale job submission, use options 1 and 2

--------------------
Allowed OS:
Ubuntu_16.04
Allowed languages:
   c   c++   python   python3   fortran   r   bash
* python refers to python 3, since python2 is not accepted for MIDAS use
--------------------
Are you providing a pre-compiled tar file (including README.txt) for MIDAS use in this directory?[y/n]
n
Enter OS:
Ubuntu_16.04
Enter languages used (space-separated):
bash c

Libraries
As of now, only the following languages accept libraries:
 python(3)   c++ (using cget)
Leave empty and press enter to skip or exit this prompt:

Enter language: 



Enter list of local directories used (each in a new line, leave empty to exit):
WARNING Local directories will maintain local structure in BOINC, MIDAs will automatically untar them

No more directories have been added

Enter the setup files (one per line), leave empty to exit:



Enter the commands below, leave empty to exit section:
Enter language: bash
Enter the name of the program file to use in the compile command: submit_c.sh
Enter language: 
Enter output files or ALL, leave empty to exit: ALL

Enter a topic, leave empty to exit: 
File submitted for processing
